0. How many different colors (color depth)
BMP: Arbitrary
JPG: Typically 24-bit (16 million)
GIF: Typically 8-bit (256)
PNG: Typically 24-bit (16 million) or 32-bit RGBA (16 million with 8-bit Alpha/translucency channel)

1.  Supporting animation:
The GIF format supports animation.

2.  Lossy versus lossles compression:
The JPEG format is lossy as it uses DCT (discrete cosine transform) compression, which causes pixel information to be traded 
off for file size. The lossy nature means that image quality deteriorates after compression/encoding (can especially be seen with 
line drawings and text), and that the format is not good images that must be edited/encoded multiple times or used for large-print 
professional purposes.
The PNG format, on the other hand, uses lossless compression - which means there is no loss of pixel information.

3.  Lossy compression: JPEG.

4.  Deletion of file in FAT system:
The data from the file is not actually deleted, but rather the directory entry of the file is changed to signify that the file was deleted
and the clusters reserved for the file are marked as free. As these steps are relatively easy to reverse, the file can be recovered.

5.  Information security steps:
Encrypt data to prevent it from unauthorized use, and ensuring to sanitize all physical media before discarding them. Sanitizing
means outright desctruction (physical or magnetically) or just 'scubbing' the data by repeatedly overwriting the data clusters.

6.  <stdint.h>
<stdint.h> is a library that includes some integer types, among other fixed-width integers. The integer types in std will have standardized
widths across all implementations (whereas the 'normal' int, long, etc. types might vary in byte size across different systems).

7.  Using fixed-width variables in a packed data structure ensures that whatever is read from a file into memory will be perfectly aligned with the
space allocated in memory. I.e., the bytes read from file align perfectly with the data structure that must hold them in mem.

8.  Byte sizes of MS/Windows variables (and C primitives from <stdint.h>)
BYTE (uint8_t): Unsigned 8-bit integer = 1 byte (supports value from 0 to 255)
DWORD (uint32_t): Unsigned 32-bit integer = 4 bytes (supports values from 0 to 4,294,967,295).
LONG (int32_t): Signed  32-bit integer = 4 bytes (supports values from –2,147,483,648 to 2,147,483,647).
WORD(uint16_t): Unsigned 16-bit integer = 2 bytes (supports value from 0 to 65,535)

9.  File signature / magic number of a BMP file (first two bytes)
HEX: 0x42 0x4D
Decimal: 66 77
ASCII: B M

10. 
bfSize (in the BITMAPFILEHEADER): is the size of the entire bitmap file in bytes. Magnitude depends on resolution of file.
biSize (in the BITMAPINFOHEADER/DIB header): is the size of DIB header itself. Should be 40 bytes in a standard BMP file.


11. Negative biHeight
If biHeight is negative, the bitmap is a top-down DIB with the origin at the upper left corner.
Source: https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/desktop/dd318229(v=vs.85).aspx

12. Color depth
Color depth is specified in the BITMAPINFOHEADER, in the biBitCount field: Specifies the info per pixel. 24-bits is most
would be a 24-bit RGB (8 bits for each of the channels Red, Green and Blue).

13. fopen() in copy.c:37 (output file) might return NULL if
- File cannot be opened for write access (it is read-only)
- The specified output filename is not a valid filename

14. fread() third argument
- The third argument (number of blocks to read) is always 1, because we want to read 1 block of the file, which
exactly corresponds to the data structures set up (in bmp.h). So reading 1 block ensure that the data structure 
exactly get filled, and is exactly aligned.

15. Padding in copy.c:70 if bi.biWidth == 3
Returns an integer number between 0 and 3 (both included), which represents the amount of padding needed to satisfy
the BMP specification that the bytes per line (scanline) of a bitmap needs to be a multiple of 4.

16. fseek()
fseek() changes or sets the position of the pointer in the specified file, i.e. the position from where the next 
read/write operation in that file will start.

17. SEEK_CUR
SEEK_CUR represent the current location of the pointer in the file. I.e., the point from where the next read/write
operation in that file will start. It is used in the fseek() function, as a possible point from which to offset.

18. Rick Astley - we got Rick Rolled!
